README.md, before:

# Projects

Welcome to my Projects. Please refer below links for my projects:

# Table of Contents

* [PowerBI](#PowerBI)
* [Tableau](#Tableau)
* [SQL](#SQL)



# PowerBI
1. Created Covid-19 analysis dashboard. <br>
   Added its Screenshot. <br>
   Published link :
   https://app.powerbi.com/links/VYHQeVmZaz?ctid=759a48bb-e3f3-496c-a9b0-df256e635723&pbi_source=linkShare

2. Created basic reports for population data with creation of data model.<br>
   Added its screenshots. <br>
   Published link: https://app.powerbi.com/links/mVoCAz0TiM?ctid=759a48bb-e3f3-496c-a9b0-df256e635723&pbi_source=linkShare&bookmarkGuid=7e2a0259-aa1a-42f2-afd6-6cda83dec072

3. Created diversity and Inclusion reports to show comapany's manager, which will show performance based on gender, performnce in year 2021, 2022 and many more related visualization for getting a clear idea to HR managment.<br> 
   Added its screenshots.<br>
   Published link: https://app.powerbi.com/links/3T5uUq1_at?ctid=759a48bb-e3f3-496c-a9b0-df256e635723&pbi_source=linkShare   


# Tableau
Here i am showcasing visualization of my work.

# SQL
1. Select, filter, sort and group functions (min, max, count) Queries for maven movies database. <br> 
2. Select queries with the help of join and union.

Commit message:

Added customer retention report for manager in powerBI

README.md, after:

# Projects

Welcome to my Projects. Please refer below links for my projects:

# Table of Contents

* [PowerBI](#PowerBI)
* [Tableau](#Tableau)
* [SQL](#SQL)



# PowerBI
1. Created Covid-19 analysis dashboard. <br>
   Added its Screenshot. <br>
   Published link :
   https://app.powerbi.com/links/VYHQeVmZaz?ctid=759a48bb-e3f3-496c-a9b0-df256e635723&pbi_source=linkShare

2. Created basic reports for population data with creation of data model.<br>
   Added its screenshots. <br>
   Published link: https://app.powerbi.com/links/mVoCAz0TiM?ctid=759a48bb-e3f3-496c-a9b0-df256e635723&pbi_source=linkShare&bookmarkGuid=7e2a0259-aa1a-42f2-afd6-6cda83dec072

3. Created diversity and Inclusion reports to show comapany's manager, which will show performance based on gender, performnce in year 2021, 2022 and many more related visualization for getting a clear idea to HR managment.<br> 
   Added its screenshots.<br>
   Published link: https://app.powerbi.com/links/3T5uUq1_at?ctid=759a48bb-e3f3-496c-a9b0-df256e635723&pbi_source=linkShare   

4. Created customer retention report for HR and demographic report for customers. <br>
    Added its screenshots. <br>
    Published link: https://app.powerbi.com/links/JaJmc0PSL9?ctid=759a48bb-e3f3-496c-a9b0-df256e635723&pbi_source=linkShare&bookmarkGuid=329be149-4821-4a01-9cba-4fa139f70bd2 


# Tableau
Here i am showcasing visualization of my work.

# SQL
1. Select, filter, sort and group functions (min, max, count) Queries for maven movies database. <br> 
2. Select queries with the help of join and union.
